# TCAD-Net

## Abstract

With the continuous development of consumer electronic device functions and the large-scale data, ensuring device safety and privacy has become increasingly important. Deep learning (DL)-based weakly supervised anomaly detection methods have been widely applied in various fields such as consumer finance, significantly improving the accuracy and reliability of discovery. However, existing methods typically either utilize convolution or Transformer, thus unable to effectively leverage both the local features and long-range dependencies of the large-scale samples simultaneously. To address this challenge, we propose a novel DL-based weakly supervised anomaly detection network, named TCAD-Net, which effectively integrates the advantages of convolution and Transformer architectures, thus possessing efficient anomaly data discovery capability. Specifically, TCAD-Net is a dual-channel framework, where the Convolutional Shrinkage-based branch (CSB) and the Transformer-based branch are used for extracting local features and global features of the large-scale samples, respectively. Subsequently, these two branches are merged through a bridging unit and then fed into an anomaly score generator unit to obtain the anomaly scores of samples. Moreover, a weighted soft-thresholding mechanism is introduced in CSB to mitigate insignificant features on anomaly detection results. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed TCAD-Net outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of PR-AUC and ROC-AUC on various large-scale benchmark datasets. We release our codes and trained models at \href{https://github.com/jackleiji/xxx-Net}{TCAD-Net}.
